1> What is SDLC
-> SDLC is a sortform of Software Devlopment Life Cycle
   it has 6 phases 
   1.  Requirements
   2.  Analysis 
   3.  Design 
   4.  coding
   5.  Testing
   6.  Maintenance
  
2> What is software testing?
-> Software testing is a process used to identify the correctness , completness and quality
   of devloped computer software
   correctness -> with identifying bugs and solution
   completness -> process is complete (run the application)
   quality -> how smooth it is running

3> What is agile methodology?
-> agile is a mothed of of software testing.it is a combination of Iterative Model and 
   incremental method.it is rapidly deliver software product to the customer. in which 
   break the product into small incremental builds,then this builds provides iterative
   process.each iretatice envolves cross function working.in the end iteration working product
   display together to clint. 

   
4> What is SRS
   SRS is a sortform of software requirement specification.which is a document. SRS document is
   used for complete description of the behaviour of the system to be devloped.
   which has 3 types 
   1. Function requirment -> include use case (Buisness scenario)
   2. Non-Funcional requirment includes performance reqirment,quality standard or design constraints
   3. customer requirment ->Distribution,scenario,performance,utilization enviorment,effectivness
      reqirment,operation life cycle,enviroment

5> What is oops
-> OOPS is a sortform of Object Oriented Programing system which is also call as language
   it is a higher level language which is used to convert lower level language (Binary
   language) 

6> Write Basic Concepts of oops
-> there are 6 concepts in OOPS
   1. Object
   2. Class
   3. Encapsulation
   4. Abstraction
   5. Polymorphism
   6. Inheritance

7> What is object 
-> Object is a smallest unit of any program.Both data and function that opertaes on data are bundles
   as a unit called Object.

8> What is class
-> A class represtnts an abstraction of the object and abstracts the properties and behaviour of any 
   project

9> What is encapsulation
-> Encapsulation is the process of wrapping up the data and behaviour of an object into a single unit 
   and the unit here is a class 

10> What is inheritance
->  Inheritance means that one class inherits the characteristics of another class. this is called a 
    "is a" relationship

11> What is polymorphism
->  Polymorphism means it is allows different object tpresponds to the same message in different ways,
    the response specific to the type of the object
    polymorphism has 2 types
    1. overloading
    2. over ridding

12> Draw Usecase on Online book shopping

13> Draw Usecase on online bill payment system (paytm)

14> Write SDLC phases with basic introduction
->  it has 6 phases 
    1.  Requirements-> it is a first phase where the client come to company and shows the
        what are the properties and data they want in their software program.Further more it 
        will also say how the program going to work and for which types of program they want
        it is totally base on documents

    2.  Analysis-> it is a second phase of sdlc.company look out the requirments and select 
        the best method ant way to complet this project which is anylysid by their all team.

    3.  Design-> After completing analysing company starts wroking on the project.they start drawing
        Blueprints of the product which is called designing phase. in which they describe the fonts,colour,
        logos and design of the product

    4.  coding-> after completing the design it goes for the coding,which is very important part of this life 
        cycle.in which the coding team start coding the product by watching requirments of the client.

    5.  Testing-> now the progrram has been coded and it come to the testing department where it is going throgh
        some testing where the bugs can be finded by the team.tester also check the smothness of the products
        and requirments of the clients.
 
    6.  Maintenance-> the last phase of the sdlc.after completing all the process.it came after deploying the
        product to the client.they check the work space,updatation of the system,enviroment any more things 

15> Explain Phases of the waterfall model
->  there are also 6 phases of waterfall model in software testing methadology
    Requirement,Analysis,Design,coding,Testing,Maintenance.
    in waterfall model each phase must be completed before the next phase can begin and there is no 
    overlapping in the phases.after completing one phase after that you can go to the another phase, without
    completing you can not jump to the other phases.Requirment must be clear and frozen early in a life cycle 
    you cant change it
 -> it is used when documents are well and cleared and fixed
    defination must be stable
    also for short project
    

16> Write phases of spiral model
->  It has four stages or phases: The planning of objectives, risk analysis, engineering or development, and finally review. A project passes through all these 
    stages repeatedly and the phases are known as a Spiral in the model.

   1. Determine objectives and find alternate solutions – This phase includes requirement gathering and analysis. Based on the requirements, objectives are 
      defined and different alternate solutions are proposed.
   2. Risk Analysis and resolving – In this quadrant, all the proposed solutions are analyzed and any potential risk is identified, analyzed, and resolved.
   3. Develop and test: This phase includes the actual implementation of the different features. All the implemented features are then verified with thorough 
      testing.
   4. Review and planning of the next phase – In this phase, the software is evaluated by the customer. It also includes risk identification and monitoring like 
      cost overrun or schedule slippage and after that planning of the next phase is started
   
17> 7 key principle 
->  Testing shows presence of defects
    Exhaustive testing is not possible
    Early testing
    Defect clustering
    Pesticide paradox
    Testing is context dependent
    Absence of errors fallacy

18> Explain working methodology of agile model and also write pros and cons.
->  agile is a mothed of of software testing.it is a combination of Iterative Model and 
    incremental method.it is rapidly deliver software product to the customer. in which 
    break the product into small incremental builds,then this builds provides iterative
    process.each iretatice envolves cross function working.Al the end iteration working product
    display together to clint.
  * Pros - 
   - Real base project are achived
   - team work and cross training required
   - functionally devloped rapidly
   - minimum rules (least documents)
   - changes can be done in any phase
   - no planning required
   - flexiblity and adaptiblity
   - easy to manage
  *Cons - 
   - we need dependency
   - leader should be more experience
   - havily dependant pn costumer
   - leaast documentation parts required due to which high individual dependancy needed
   -  transfer of technology to new team member will be quit challenging due to least documentation
   - sometimes became very hectic 
     
   
19> Draw usecase on Online shopping product using COD.
20> Draw usecase on Online shopping product using payment gateway
